			Softerra LDAP Browser
			     Version 2.6

What is it?
LDAP Browser by Softerra is a unique product without known analogs. It provides
a convenient Explorer-like interface for browsing LDAP directories. LDAP Browser
connects to any LDAPv2 and LDAPv3 servers. It is a handy tool capable of
operating with LDAPv2 and v3 LDAP servers, ideal for software development, web
development, system administration teams working with LDAP directories under
Windows platforms. It doesn't matter what kind of server you have to work with -
OpenLDAP, Netscape/iPlanet, Novell eDirectory, Oracle Internet Directory, Lotus
Domino or Microsoft Active Directory - Softerra LDAP Browser can work with any
of them, because LDAP is an open standard specially designed to provide a
universal mechanism to access directories. Specially developed for a Win32
platform, LDAP Browser provides a software or web developer with a convenient
way to build LDAP-enabled applications and Web sites. Using LDAP guarantees a
creation of real quality sites and applications in less time. You can easily
navigate all over a directory despite its possible hierarchical complexity. With
a useful directory search tool you can quickly locate and see the information
you are interested in. The LDIF export feature allows you to backup directories
and not to worry about data corruption, because you will always be able to
restore your directory from backup. Softerra LDAP Browser will undoubtedly make
your life easier and your work faster and much more efficient.

The Latest Version
For details on the latest version, please visit the official Softerra LDAP
Browser site at http://www.ldapadministrator.com/

Known Problems
To get information on a current set of known problems, see the online 'Known
Issues' forum at http://www.ldapadministrator.com/forum/.

Licensing
Please see LICENSE.TXT.

Acknowledgments
We wish to acknowledge the following copyrighted works that make up portions of
the Softerra LDAP Browser software:

Portions of this software are based on code from the OpenLDAP project. Please
see LICENSE-OPENLDAP.TXT.

This software contains some code from the OpenSSL Project. Please see LICENSE-
OPENSSL.TXT.
